Th3 Wxlf you F33d
Advanced intelligence analysis for bug bounty hunters. Takes raw vulnerability scan data and transforms it into actionable attack chains and exploitation strategies.
What it does
This tool reads output from vulnerability scanners (primarily Dark Wxlf format) and performs deep analysis to find:

Hidden attack chains by linking related vulnerabilities
Shadow assets like forgotten subdomains and staging environments
Exploitation pathways with step-by-step guides
Technology stack fingerprinting from vulnerability evidence
Critical vulnerabilities with proof-of-concept examples

Instead of just listing vulns, it thinks like an attacker and shows you how to chain them together for maximum impact.
Features
Attack Chain Detection
Automatically identifies vulnerability combinations that can be chained for privilege escalation, data exfiltration, or account takeover.
Shadow Asset Discovery
Finds forgotten staging servers, development environments, and misconfigured subdomains that programs often miss.
Smart Tech Stack Analysis
Infers backend technologies from vulnerability patterns and URLs to help you target exploits better.
Bug Bounty Safe Mode
Built-in rate limiting, scope filtering, and request throttling to keep you compliant with program rules.
Interactive Analysis
Deep dive into specific vulnerabilities, generate custom exploit templates, and search through findings on the fly.


Installation
bashgit clone https://github.com/ibdtech/th3_wxlf_you_f33d.git
cd th3_wxlf_you_f33d
pip install -r requirements.txt
Dependencies: requests, termcolor, pyfiglet (optional)
Usage
Basic usage with scan file:
bashpython3 twyf.py scan_results.txt
Interactive mode (manual data entry):
bashpython3 twyf.py
Enable bug bounty safe mode:
bashpython3 twyf.py
# Select option 9 from menu
The tool auto-detects Dark Wxlf output files in the current directory and presents a selection menu.
How it works

Loads vulnerability data from scan output or manual input
Extracts subdomains, endpoints, and tech indicators from URLs
Analyzes vulnerabilities for chaining opportunities
Maps potential attack paths based on vulnerability proximity
Generates exploitation guides with PoC code where applicable
Presents findings through an interactive menu system

The attack chain engine looks for logical vulnerability combinations like IDOR + CSRF, XSS + session hijacking, or path traversal + RCE possibilities.
Safe Mode
When hunting on bug bounty programs, enable safe mode to:

Limit requests per second (configurable, default 10/s)
Filter operations to in-scope domains only
Add delays between requests to avoid DoS triggers
Respect robots.txt
Track and log all requests made

Configure scope rules at startup to ensure you never accidentally test out-of-scope assets.
Output
The tool provides several analysis views:

Summary dashboard with key metrics
Attack chain visualization with exploitation steps
Shadow asset list sorted by risk
Technology breakdown per subdomain
Interactive search and deep-dive modes

All findings include severity ratings, affected URLs, and suggested next steps.
Notes
This tool is for authorized security testing only. Always get written permission before testing any target. When participating in bug bounty programs, read the rules carefully and stay within scope.
The analysis quality depends on your input data quality. Feed it comprehensive scan results for best results.
License
MIT
